update the error handling for Logs Query and Logs Query Batch (#17965)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/monitor/monitor-query/README.md

    }
  }
}

run().catch((err) => console.log("ERROR:", err));
```

#### Handle logs query response

> The `queryWorkspace` function of `LogsQueryClient` returns the `LogsQueryResult`. The `LogsQueryResult` can either be of type `LogsQuerySuccessfulResult` or `LogsQueryPartialResult`. Here's a hierarchy of the response:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `queryWorkspace` function of `LogsQueryClient` returns a `LogsQueryResult` object. The object type can be `LogsQuerySuccessfulResult` or `LogsQueryPartialResult`. Here's a hierarchy of the response:
```

```

> LogsQueryResult -- (LogsQuerySuccessfulResult | LogsQueryPartialResult)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

LogsQuerySuccessfulResult
|---statistics
|---visualization
|---status ("Success")
|---tables (list of `LogsTable` objects)
    |---name
    |---rows
    |---columnDescriptors (list of `LogsColumn` objects)
        |---name
        |---type

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  }

  let i = 0;
  for (const response of result) {
    console.log(`Results for query with query: ${queriesBatch[i]}`);
    if (response.status === LogsQueryResultStatus.Success) {
      console.log(
        `Printing results from query '${queriesBatch[i].query}' for '${queriesBatch[i].timespan}'`
      );
      processTables(response.tables);
    } else if (response.status === LogsQueryResultStatus.PartialFailure) {
      console.log(

>         `Printing Partial results from query '${queriesBatch[i].query}' for '${queriesBatch[i].timespan}'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        `Printing partial results from query '${queriesBatch[i].query}' for '${queriesBatch[i].timespan}'`
```

      );
      processTables(response.partialTables);
      console.log(
        ` Query had errors:${response.partialError.message} with code ${response.partialError.code}`
      );
    } else {

>       console.log(`Printing Errors from query '${queriesBatch[i].query}'`);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      console.log(`Printing errors from query '${queriesBatch[i].query}'`);
```

      console.log(` Query had errors:${response.message} with code ${response.code}`);
    }
    // next query
    i++;
  }
}

async function processTables(tablesFromResult: LogsTable[]) {
  for (const table of tablesFromResult) {
    const columnHeaderString = table.columnDescriptors
      .map((column) => `${column.name}(${column.type}) `)
      .join("| ");
    console.log("| " + columnHeaderString);

    for (const row of table.rows) {
      const columnValuesString = row.map((columnValue) => `'${columnValue}' `).join("| ");
      console.log("| " + columnValuesString);
    }
  }
}
```

#### Handle logs batch query response

> The `queryBatch` function of `LogsQueryClient` returns a `LogsQueryBatchResult` object. LogsQueryBatchResult is a list of objects of either of these types -
> `LogsQueryPartialResult` or `LogsQuerySuccessfulResult` or `LogsQueryError`.
> 
> > Here's a hierarchy of the response:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `queryBatch` function of `LogsQueryClient` returns a `LogsQueryBatchResult` object. `LogsQueryBatchResult` contains a list of objects with the following possible types:

- `LogsQueryPartialResult`
- `LogsQuerySuccessfulResult`
- `LogsQueryError`

Here's a hierarchy of the response:
```

```

> LogsQueryBatchResult (list of objects of `LogsQueryPartialResult` or `LogsQuerySuccessfulResult` or `LogsQueryError`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

LogsQuerySuccessfulResult
|---statistics
|---visualization
|---status ("Success")
|---tables (list of `LogsTable` objects)
    |---name
    |---rows
    |---columnDescriptors (list of `LogsColumn` objects)
        |---name
        |---type

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

LogsQueryPartialResult
|---statistics
|---visualization
|---status ("PartialFailure")
|---partialError
    |--name
    |--code
    |--message
    |--stack
|---partialTables (list of `LogsTable` objects)
    |---name
    |---rows
    |---columnDescriptors (list of `LogsColumn` objects)
        |---name
        |---type

LogsQueryError
|--name
|--code
|--message
|--stack
|--status ("Failure")
```

> For example, to handle a batch logs query response, you can refer the following code snippet and :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following code handles a batch logs query response:
```

```ts
async function processBatchResult(result: LogsQueryBatchResult) {
  let i = 0;
  for (const response of result) {
    console.log(`Results for query with query: ${queriesBatch[i]}`);
    if (response.status === LogsQueryResultStatus.Success) {
      console.log(
        `Printing results from query '${queriesBatch[i].query}' for '${queriesBatch[i].timespan}'`
      );
      processTables(response.tables);
    } else if (response.status === LogsQueryResultStatus.PartialFailure) {
      console.log(

>         `Printing Partial results from query '${queriesBatch[i].query}' for '${queriesBatch[i].timespan}'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        `Printing partial results from query '${queriesBatch[i].query}' for '${queriesBatch[i].timespan}'`
```

      );
      processTables(response.partialTables);
      console.log(
        ` Query had errors:${response.partialError.message} with code ${response.partialError.code}`
      );
    } else {

>       console.log(`Printing Errors from query '${queriesBatch[i].query}'`);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      console.log(`Printing errors from query '${queriesBatch[i].query}'`);
```
